{
  "speakers": [
    {
      "id": "K",
      "name": "Kinan",
      "role": "Team Member"
    },
    {
      "id": "M",
      "name": "Muhammad",
      "role": "Team Member"
    },
    {
      "id": "Q",
      "name": "Qi",
      "role": "Team Lead"
    }
  ],
  "segments": {
    "K": [
      {
        "topic": "TECH",
        "start": 45,
        "duration": 45,
        "content": "The ASR integration is definitely possible. We could pass the entire audio into a model like Whisper. However, speaker diarization might be harder - identifying who is speaking when. With Google Meet's API, they record each person's audio individually, making speaker identification easier. Since Muhammad left temporarily, they can more easily identify speakers in real-time.",
        "briefSummary": "Discuss ASR integration feasibility.",
        "detailedSummary": [
          "ASR integration is possible with Whisper.",
          "Speaker diarization may present challenges.",
          "Google Meet API aids in speaker identification."
        ]
      },
      {
        "topic": "PLAN",
        "start": 345,
        "duration": 75,
        "content": "To summarize, I'll investigate tools to convert raw recordings to transcripts. Even without perfect speaker identification, the model might deduce speakers from context. It doesn't have to be perfect for the demo. I'll look into it and let you know.",
        "briefSummary": "Summarize action items for transcript conversion.",
        "detailedSummary": [
          "Investigate tools for converting recordings to transcripts.",
          "Model may deduce speakers from context.",
          "Focus on demo requirements."
        ]
      },
      {
        "topic": "TECH",
        "start": 315,
        "duration": 90,
        "content": "With the current version on Vercel, we have a good MVP that clearly shows the progression from transcript to time-segmented summarizations. Are there other features you're thinking of adding, or should we focus on this main functionality?",
        "briefSummary": "Discuss MVP features and focus.",
        "detailedSummary": [
          "Current MVP shows transcript to summarization.",
          "Discuss potential additional features.",
          "Focus on main functionality."
        ]
      },
      {
        "topic": "TECH",
        "start": 3300,
        "duration": 90,
        "content": "We could process the transcript into JSON first, then generate different visualization formats from that structure. That seems like a good feature to focus on implementing programmatically rather than hardcoding.",
        "briefSummary": "Propose JSON processing for visualization.",
        "detailedSummary": [
          "Process transcript into JSON format.",
          "Generate various visualization formats.",
          "Focus on programmatic implementation."
        ]
      },
      {
        "topic": "PLAN",
        "start": 2700,
        "duration": 30,
        "content": "Thanks for directing the meeting, Qi. Having a clear plan is helpful.",
        "briefSummary": "Express gratitude for meeting direction.",
        "detailedSummary": [
          "Thank Qi for leading the meeting.",
          "Acknowledge the importance of a clear plan."
        ]
      }
    ],
    "M": [
      {
        "topic": "TECH",
        "start": 210,
        "duration": 15,
        "content": "Yes, sorry. Had some internet connection issues.",
        "briefSummary": "Apologize for connection issues.",
        "detailedSummary": [
          "Acknowledge internet connection problems."
        ]
      },
      {
        "topic": "VIZ",
        "start": 1500,
        "duration": 120,
        "content": "I notice different colors representing speakers. For four speakers in this meeting, where is the fourth one represented?",
        "briefSummary": "Inquire about speaker representation.",
        "detailedSummary": [
          "Ask about color coding for speakers.",
          "Clarify representation of all speakers."
        ]
      },
      {
        "topic": "TECH",
        "start": 2310,
        "duration": 45,
        "content": "LangGraph is great technology, but given our limited time, let's focus on core functionality first. We can add LangGraph if time permits.",
        "briefSummary": "Suggest prioritizing core functionality.",
        "detailedSummary": [
          "Acknowledge LangGraph's potential.",
          "Emphasize focus on essential features."
        ]
      }
    ],
    "Q": [
      {
        "topic": "PLAN",
        "start": 0,
        "duration": 45,
        "content": "Getting back to Kinan's question about the ASR module. We need to decide today if we want to include it. Users can currently start from their transcript, so while ASR would be better, if implementation takes a few days, that's too much. We want to focus on OpenAI integration and better visualization. Since we're ASR researchers, we can always integrate it later. We need you to decide if it's manageable now or should be done later.",
        "briefSummary": "Discuss ASR module decision.",
        "detailedSummary": [
          "Decide on ASR module inclusion.",
          "Focus on OpenAI integration.",
          "Integration can be done later if needed."
        ]
      },
      {
        "topic": "PLAN",
        "start": 135,
        "duration": 75,
        "content": "For our final three-minute demo, we'll need a 20-minute meeting script to feed into the OpenAI model. We should think carefully about format - whether to include speaker names clearly in every speech, or use a simpler version. Let's prepare the script based on your prompts and data structure. With a longer meeting, we might discover issues we haven't seen in the five-minute tests.",
        "briefSummary": "Outline demo script requirements.",
        "detailedSummary": [
          "Prepare 20-minute script for demo.",
          "Consider format for speaker names.",
          "Identify potential issues with longer meetings."
        ]
      },
      {
        "topic": "VIZ",
        "start": 720,
        "duration": 150,
        "content": "Let me show you the visualization layers. The first page is a timeline with four speakers. Each person's topics are color-coded - Muhammad discussed three topics, Kinan three topics, and others discussed visualization and planning. Users can focus on specific speakers and see brief overviews with detailed bullet points. We need more concrete summaries that provide context and background, not just high-level points.",
        "briefSummary": "Present visualization layers overview.",
        "detailedSummary": [
          "Show timeline with color-coded speakers.",
          "Discuss topics covered by each speaker.",
          "Emphasize need for detailed summaries."
        ]
      },
      {
        "topic": "PLAN",
        "start": 1380,
        "duration": 120,
        "content": "Let's have Muhammad prepare different versions - 5 minutes, 10 minutes, 20 minutes - with various speaking patterns. We need to test edge cases and adjust our UI/UX accordingly. The next visualization is the topic wheel, using consistent color coding. This helps users familiar with the colors understand relationships between topics.",
        "briefSummary": "Plan for testing different script lengths.",
        "detailedSummary": [
          "Prepare scripts of varying lengths.",
          "Test edge cases for UI/UX.",
          "Introduce topic wheel visualization."
        ]
      },
      {
        "topic": "TECH",
        "start": 1800,
        "duration": 120,
        "content": "There's an issue with this visualization - we should show all four speakers. This version uses prepared data, but the concept is to show both explicit connections from speech and implicit connections from shared concepts.",
        "briefSummary": "Identify issue with speaker representation.",
        "detailedSummary": [
          "Ensure all speakers are represented.",
          "Clarify explicit and implicit connections."
        ]
      },
      {
        "topic": "TECH",
        "start": 2220,
        "duration": 120,
        "content": "Let me show you the current data structure. We have main topics and subtopics represented by different node sizes, with explicit connections from speaker statements and implicit connections found by our language models. We'll need a meta-GPT to manage smaller models looking for connections, with only verified insights appearing on the board.",
        "briefSummary": "Present current data structure.",
        "detailedSummary": [
          "Discuss main topics and subtopics.",
          "Explain connections from speaker statements.",
          "Introduce meta-GPT for managing insights."
        ]
      },
      {
        "topic": "PLAN",
        "start": 2400,
        "duration": 120,
        "content": "Since we're using a LangChain template, LangGraph integration might be easier. Let's aim to decide by next Sunday. If we can't integrate it, we can still mention our experiments and future plans while showing our working pipeline. The final visualization layer will be a dashboard showing meeting metadata, topic coverage, and flow analysis.",
        "briefSummary": "Plan for LangGraph integration decision.",
        "detailedSummary": [
          "Discuss LangChain template benefits.",
          "Set decision deadline for LangGraph.",
          "Outline final visualization layer features."
        ]
      },
      {
        "topic": "VISION",
        "start": 2700,
        "duration": 120,
        "content": "A key value proposition is transforming vague meeting content into measurable, trackable information. Companies want to quantify their meetings and knowledge sharing. We're providing tools to measure and analyze team knowledge exchange.",
        "briefSummary": "Discuss value proposition of the project.",
        "detailedSummary": [
          "Transform meeting content into measurable data.",
          "Emphasize quantifying meetings and knowledge sharing.",
          "Provide tools for analyzing team knowledge."
        ]
      },
      {
        "topic": "PLAN",
        "start": 2760,
        "duration": 90,
        "content": "For next week's deliverables: Kinan, decide on ASR integration and continue LLM integration for topic mapping. By next week, we want no hardcoded data - everything should be processed by language models. Muhammad, continue preparing test scripts of varying lengths. If anyone makes progress on LangGraph, share on Slack.",
        "briefSummary": "Outline next week's deliverables.",
        "detailedSummary": [
          "Kinan to decide on ASR integration.",
          "Focus on LLM integration for topic mapping.",
          "Muhammad to prepare varying test scripts."
        ]
      },
      {
        "topic": "PLAN",
        "start": 3120,
        "duration": 30,
        "content": "We're getting more efficient with our meetings. I'll share the transcript, recording, and papers on Slack. Let's maintain close communication there for feedback and progress updates.",
        "briefSummary": "Encourage efficient communication.",
        "detailedSummary": [
          "Share meeting materials on Slack.",
          "Encourage ongoing communication for updates."
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
}